[Banner] Support disabling screen reader announcements when changing content. (#1699)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

> - Support disabling screen reader announcements when changing content in `Banner`. ([#1699](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1699))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `stopAnnouncements` prop to `Banner`, which disables screen reader announcements when content changes ([#1699](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1699))
```
